You're going to have to create a multi-modular project! To do this, start by creating a new Angular project in which you create a users.json file
 that you will place in assets/json. This file will simulate the response of an API. Here is the data to copy in:

Your application must contain:

     An app module, the initial module generated by Angular which includes:
         A "User" class which has the properties: "username", "firstname", "lastname", "email".
         a logic layer (service) which retrieves the users.json file in an HTTP request.

These two elements are in the app root module because they are transversal to all your modules. 
The folder rules for organizing a module also apply to the app module.

     An admin module which includes:
         a page component loaded by the URL /admin/home.
         an intelligent component that retrieves data from the logic layer.
         a display component that displays each user of users.

     An account module which includes:
         a page component loaded by the URL /account/home.
         an intelligent component that retrieves data from the logic layer.
         a display component that displays a random user.

BONUS 1: the display component of the account module displays not a random user but a user whose ID corresponds to a URL parameter.

BONUS 2: Create a shared-components module in which you declare the components reused across your modules.

Validation criteria

     There are 3 modules in total: app, admin, account.
     The class and service are in the app module
     The admin and account modules are lazyloaded.
     The list of users is displayed when you navigate to /admin/home.
     A user is displayed when you navigate to /account/home.
     There are 2 lazy loaded routes in the app-routing.module.


folder structure
components
>feature
>ui
models
pages
shared


